Primary User Stories
As a new user, I want to create a profile using my email address so I can create a profile and use the app's functionalities. 
At the main page, I will input my email on the text entry and click on the "create a profile" button. 
The page will redirect me to a page that will prompt me to create a password. If I already have an account, I will input my email and my password. 
If the email account is already in use by an account, the page will refresh and display an error message: "Email account already in use". 
I will also have the option to click on a "Forget password?" button, which will send me a link to my email so I can reset my password.  

As a logged in user, I want to indicate my travel preferences so that I can book a journey. I will first choose if I know which country I want to go (but I'm not sure on which city), or if I don't know which country I want to go. 
If I know which country I want to go to, I will input my preferences and be able to view the the lists of countries ranked by attributes   
If I don't know which country I want to go, I will be redirected to a page where I will input my preferences: countries I would like to go (from 2 to 10 different countries), where I am located, my preferred weather, inbound and outbound dates, how many people are flying with me, and my ideal flight budget. Once that is done, I will click the "go" button and wait for the results. 

Once the page refreshes, I will see two main ranked lists. 
If I know which country I want to go to, I will see two lists of the top 5 cities within that country, ranked by weather (left column) and budget (right column). 
If I don't know which countries I want to go to, I will see my pre-selected countries ranked by weather (left column) and budget (right column). From here, I will be able to choose a country and see all of the relevant data and rankings for the top 10 cities in this country. 
Every city will have a dropdown list of average weather for the chosen date, flight prices, and current currency value. At the bottom of the page, I will see recommendations of countries with similar weather or flight prices. By clicking on any of these countries, I will be redirected to a similar page, listing the top 10 cities and attributes for that country. 


Secondary User Stories
Once I successfully create a new profile with my email, if I have a Gmail account I will see the option of linking my Google Calendar for travel plans. If I don't have a Gmail account, I will be redirected to the main app page, for me to input my preferences. 

Each item of flight information will have a hyperlink to where the algorithm found the price, so I can go and book the flight (through a third party seller).

If I have a Google Calendar and link it with my account, I will have the option to click on a button that says "add this to my calendar". The app will create an event for each flight within my calendar. 
